changelog for v0.8.0 (#474)
brimsec/zq: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.8.0

> * zql: add the `put` proc that adds or updates fields using a computed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* zql: add the `put` processor that adds or updates fields using a computed
```
Like in days of Jut, I'm partial to saying "processor" in the user-facing context when possible.

  expression. (#437)
* zql: add functions for use with put, like `Math.min`, `Math.max`, and others.
  (#453, #459, #461, #472)
* zq: support reading ndjson with user supplied type information. (#441)

> * Fix an issue reading pcaps generated via NetScout. (#462)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix an issue with reading pcaps with snaplen=0. (#462)
```
While the initially reported issue was regarding NetScout, I'm in favor of keeping this generic.
